go yo what up hey I'm north for the
Billy Madison show I'm on Mikey B's
night show uh yeah he's so full of
himself right now and he won't promote
my You Tube unless he does something to
me and it's nothing sexual
it's that beat me with uh what kind of
benefit us woofle of all that I believe
and this night it's pretty thick and
this I thought they were like hollow
there shows yeah
that isn't look like fun at all so
alright so I'm hopefully get five
thousand subscribers after this
hopefully Mikey's happy here we go
alright this one football bats pretty
hard like it's it's pretty sturdy late
talking we're out live on Ustream as
well alright are you ready for this you
know I need you to bend over a little
bit bend over you know we already fired
the guy that's like that okay all right
I don't know how far they should hit him
how long should I hit this game pretty
hard pretty hard and pretty hard all
right what's going on yeah late bend
over I'm gonna be like Wham
alright there's not a whole lot of room
in here no there's not very closer
phobic right now I said how's that gonna
feel when I hit you hard nerd it's
already vibrating a little bit yeah I
can feel it rattling all right we are
live on Ustream right now Mikey B Paige
hey it's calm Kristen the nice sluts
filled with this for YouTube hi nards
gettin beat in the head with a woeful
ball bat yeah he told me not to let up
on him you know like I'm just gonna go
dude I'm trying to get 5,000 subscribers
okay here we go I'm scared to do this
darn I'm scared I'm gonna hurt you why
because of all the anger cuz you're fat
and stuff oh oh you know what you guys
the baseball bat because you look like a
baseball but you are y'all ready to get
hit off the little hook oh you are
really building up this anger I am
building up your cholesterol ladies and
gentlemen here we go you can watch us
live on Ustream as it happens to be
Paige cadence calm I'm gonna
find out subscribers please I didn't get
a hit